In this section of the course, where
we're getting into Spring WebFlux and
creating RESTful web services using WebFlux, I'm gonna create a brand new
project. And I'm gonna go through and use
start.spring.io and if you have been
watching Josh Long at all, you know that
is his favorite the URL in the world.
I am going to do it right through
IntelliJ. I'm sure you've seen me do it
before, but let's come in here, create a
New Project. I'm gonna use Spring
Initializr.
guru.springframework
And just for fun, let's do
a Gradle project.
Java 8, Packaging Jar is fine.
spring5-webflux-rest that is all good.
So now here, we wanna come over here
and change it to, right now, we are on
Spring Boot milestone 7. Things are
rapidly progressing, and of course, I will
update this as we go.
Okay, so let's go over to web and we want
Reactive Web. So, keep things interesting.
And to go full select reactive, I am
going to do the Reactive MongoDB.
We'll bring in the Embedded MongoDB, as
well. And I think that will give us
everything that we need. So, I'm gonna
say Next. In the project location, we
actually
right here.
Just double-checking my Module name,
spring5-webflux, spring5-webflux,
So, you can see my directory here,
courses/spring5/spring5-webflux.
Just double-checking all that, before I
click Finish and get in trouble.
That just asked me to import from Gradle
and Enable Auto-Import there, so it
doesn't keep bothering us every time we
make a change. You can see that IntelliJ
is going through and indexing the
project. Let's go ahead and take a look.
You can see that, this is highlighted as
red because that directory, that I did
set it up in, I did already initialize
git in there. So, IntelliJ picked that up
right away.
You can see that that's just a stub of a
project. Still red because IntelliJ is
still indexing the project that we have
a Spring Boot Application. So, that's just
a simple stub of the project. We have an
empty application.properties and a
single test.
So, nothing too exciting there, and let's
take a look at the build.gradle file.
You can see that we are on M7 because of
that we are bringing in the snapshot and
milestone directories for the Spring
components because they are not
generally available yet. So, this is set
up to sourceCompatibility. Again, I'm
recording this in December of 2017. So
for right now, just definitely stay on
Java 1.8. A lot of the Spring is
pretty good, but a lot of stuff around
Spring is still catching up to Java 1.9.
I'm excited to use Java 1.9 but the
community needs to catch up. And we can see
that we have the mongodb-reactive,
starter-webflux, a starter-test, the
embedded-mongo, which can be used
for testing, and projectreactor.
The important one here is we're bringing
in the Spring starter-data-mongodb. So,
that's gonna give a Spring Data
MongoDB, as well as the Mongo
Reactive Database driver, so it gives us
all that goodness. So, I'm going to get
this all checked in and committed into
GitHub, and we will start building the
project in the next video.